Add SIGNALFX_LOGS_ENDPOINT_URL env var (#315)
signalfx/signalfx-dotnet-tracing: docs/internal/internal-config.md

| Environment variable | Description | Default |
|-|-|-|

> | `SIGNALFX_LOGS_ENDPOINT_URL` | The URL to where thread sampling exporters send stack traces. | `http://localhost:4318/v1/logs` |

Reviewer: nit

```suggestion
| `SIGNALFX_LOGS_ENDPOINT_URL` | The URL to where logs are exported using [OTLP/HTTP v1 log protocol](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-specification/blob/main/specification/protocol/otlp.md) | `http://localhost:4318/v1/logs` |
```

I would document somewhere else that currently, the only logs that we are exporting are the stack traces. I imagine that in the future it would be good if the "logs correlation" feature could also export the logs to our backend.
